Why RDS cannot be deployed as dB in an EC2 instance?
RDS Managed by AWS. In RDS Instance, maintenance, patching, vulnerability,backup. build version are totally taken care by AWS.
RDS Benefits:
Highly secure - we are unable to take SSH here which minimizes the hackers intervention.
Security Groups can be attached manually to enhance security.
Highly isolated -  One RDS instance can clone any number of DBs and any individual users can be tightly coupled with specific Dbs.
Multi AZs - Important for production environment.
automatic snapshots & Backups

RDS proxy - it acts a bridge between an EC2 instance and RDS & handles the request and response.
Also, proxy closes the connection which remains idle connection with Db.
I.Q: RDS Intance Base OS - Linux has been installed with MySQL and that dB is serving us as RDS serverless technology.
I.Q: Within VPC - Private IP should be used for communication and not public IP.
I.Q: Which End point should be given to an EC2 instance for RDS connection? - We can give RDS Proxy end to an EC2 instance and no need to give RDS end point.

*Explanation of each tab:-*
Events -> denotes the start,stop,terminate(shut-down) of an instance.
Event subscription -> denotes those events' notifications to be notified.Also, Maintenance for backup, update notification issued by amazon can also be subscribed here and it gets notifies through e-mail with help of SNS.
Databases--> our Dbs will be listed here.
Snapshots --> Manual snapshots and system snapshots (automatic backup taken by Amazon with retention period).
    Shared with me --> if anyone shares a snapshot it will be shown here
    Backup services--> we can take for our own purpose.
    Exports in Amazon S3--> if charges are more in RDS, we can export it to S3 and work.
Performance Insights: RDS performance will be checked  here.
subnet group--> min 3 AZ should be selected
parameter group-->engine type and all
Option group-->


I.Q: What happens if above 3 group not created initially?
  If it is not created initially, then above groups will be created as default one and parameter group will not be changed later as per our convenience.
